
Jan 5, 2016

Motivational video : http://youtu.be/ZOy0YgUDwDg
Nov 19, 2015

November 18, 2015! It is 3.53 Am at Zen Mountain Monastery mount Tremper! They just woke us up to start our day! I had a very awkward dream! Probably because I was trying to find out about the reason I am very much scared of being alone and specially being alone in dark! Yesterday was the first day of sesshinn which was very very intense! We did 12 round of sitting! ( three times early morning- three times before lunch- 4 times after lunch and three times after dinner) it was absolutely intense and exhausting specially that I am  server for breakfast and lunch!! Anyways time to get out of the bed and start the second day!!! 


November 19, 2015! It's 3.51 Am and they just woke us up! Another intense meditation day already started! My body is exhausted but then I am getting more comfortable during meditation! Yesterday was very intense too but I enjoyed it better! I had a Dokosan with Shugen and asked him about fear and brought up the topic about my fear of being alone oh goodness I could easily listen to him forever or ask him million questions! I don't look at Shugen as a holly guy of course! Shugen for me is an amazing gentleman who spent all his life on himself to know himself better and help other people to know themselves, he is like a mountain of knowledge and steepness... He said we all are always alone... And hugen today had dharma talk.. What an amazing speech! Firewood once it burns can never go back to firewood same as ash! But then we can't assume that one is before and another one after!!!! Amazing amazing speech! Anyways time to get out of the bed and get ready for another 9 hours of intense meditation! 2.54 pm! Goodness! My body is absolutely exhausted, unbeatable deep pain on both shoulders and knees and back! Still many meditation remain for today! Can't concentrate good now! Body exhausted mind can't work!! I mean I love everyone here but seriously dude?! Life is already suffering why do you want to add it up by doing such an intense meditations???? Huh Shugen is going to give speech now! Hoping his speech reduce my pain abit! Rushing to zendo... 5.24 pm! And I am back to room for few minutes, feel much better! I have no idea what is it about meditation that has so much up and down! Down and up! I have decided to stay for next week! Bohhhh if I don't change my mind tomorrow again!! Thoughts are like bear! Shugen gave a very Nice talk! You know what I should face this fear! And see what it's! As hugen said today! Fear is part of me! We all are Buddha! Fear just wants my attention! Why not to face it?! Why not to welcome it?! And see what it wants to talk about!! Hum I feel very good! Going down for dinner now then another 2 hours of meditation 


November 21, 2015- Saturday 9:07 pm!
I was asked to not write any note! Part of the sesshin is that you are not even allowed to write or read apart from not talking and many other stuff! Anyways tonight is the last night! My knee hurts so much! My body is absolutely exhausted! It was a great painful  experience- today in interview hugen gave me a small avalokiteshvara and told me I am never alone we all are never alone and avalokiteshvara is always with me ( during sesshin many time it came to my mind that my mom is my avalokiteshvara ) he asked me to keep it next to my bed and know that she is always with me... It was sooooo dear that he did think about me and bought that for me or just he had it! I don't know!!! Because he has been in the monastery since day before yesterday from where did he bring this gift?! Either way if it's his and he gave it to me or he asked the monastery to open the shop for him and he bought it both ways it means a world to me! I am so happy so happy to have such an amazing family and friends here! Have Got a lot to write but so exhausted that prefer to sleep now! Tomorrow morning is the closing ceremony! Goodnight 


November 22, 2015! Sunday 3.48 Am! They just woke us up! Yeyy end of sesshin today 


Nov 7, 2015

Dear Brain,


Relax! Take a deep breath and relax! What are all these tensions about? Everything is under control! Relax! Why are you scared? Scared of what? Why this much exhaustion? Why so much suffering? Why so much pain?! Life goes on! Successful- Unsuccessful-Rich-Unrich! There is no award on how you lived your life!? It really doesn't matter how you die! As a successful person or a poor person or a rich person! What matters is that did you just enjoy your life?! Are you happy?! Can you be happy? Can you live 


Oct 15, 2015

Karrianne ( October 15, 2015 )New York: ...as I read the quote you have chosen to share with me on this special day..tears roll down my face. Happy tears of course. Without explanation, I'll simply say these words have come to me through you, from a realm beyond my line of sight. They continue to concentrically make their appearance & it being my birthday today I'll take this opportunity to amend my lovely wish from this morning & add this to it. Thank you for being you, for your kind birthday message & for being a constant reminder of the ever present awareness contained in each moment through your lively effervescence. You are special to me & I am grateful for you & for your sweet spirited soul having touched mine.
Sep 24, 2015


September 24, 2015 - 11.42 pm!
Lying down on the bed next to mom! Feel like as if there are very heavy weight hanging from my heart and shoulders! Life is beautiful you should be happy! Trying to repeat it again and again! So what is the problem why am I not happy?! Why do I have so much pain in my chess! So many undropped tears! What can I do? What can I change? What is bothering me? Am I not a happy person? What is not right? I am healthy and living in new York- I have a good body and I am beautiful- I have a great family and support of family! How complaining we human are! Do you know how many people are getting killed right now that you are sleeping on your comfy bed next to your mom in a warm house! How many people are hungry? How many people are homeless! Or getting raped! Or getting bitean?  Or are in the jail? Do you even have any idea how fucked up one person life can be... What is source of all these pain- where all these pains coming from? 


Iran - Esfarayen - Mashad - Tehran - Hend - Malezi - Italia - Englis- Amrica... 


Where is the pain coming from? Alright so now that you feel sad?! What can you do about it? Mom?! What about her? She can never be happy any more? I am in pain... Is the pain for myself? She is in pain! She is in pain! Can I complain please?! Yes I do understand all what you say!!! There are milion milion poor people out there! But can I please complain?! I am human too! I have feeling too... I wish my dad could be one of those good daddies... He is a great dady to provide money! But does he really love us? I really don't think he does!!! I wish I could have talk to him... Beg him to stop if... Ask him why? Doesn't he see life is to short?! Nothing is better than real love... I am so tired dady... Can't you see the pain in her face??? Can't you see how much she is suffering? Can't you see she is all weak and in need of love... Can't you see how lovely she is? 

Sep 18, 2015

Some times I wish I could have switch off my brain. How lucky the robots are. I wish we human also could have that ability to just switch off everything for sometimes and plug ourself to source of energy to recharge... Poor my brain I sometimes feel so bad for her- she has so much things inside it that she never gets time to take rest. Poor thing, she is all alone by herself and million of different emotions feeling thoughts attacking her none stop while having a careless selfish me who really doesn't know what she wants sometimes... Poor thing my brain, I never want to be in her shoes. Above all those feelings emotions thoughts questions my heart she is always pushing my brain too- the fact is my brain is in love with my heart and this crazy little heartie always misuse her love. She knows poor blindly in love brain would do anything to please her but she is so impatient and selfish and always hungry for love that many times she makes her do things which are against the poor baby brain desires! Poor thing- poor little thing this brain... I wish I could have switch off all of you for sometimes... The poor little brainy and the crazy hurt hungry heartie  and even my loveless body... She has been so tired of being attracted to people whom only wants to use her, whom never could understand what is the real meaning of touch, feeling, understanding each and every cell of her which is full of life and love... She absolutely needs to be off for sometimes too... Only and only if I were a God I would put and off and on bottom on all the beings..... I wish I could... 
Aug 24, 2015


Today is Monday 24 August 2015- It's 7.45 pm here in New York now! And Mahdis is absolutely in the lose annoyed messed up mood- up down down up- it's what it is right... Boh I just quite cigarette from today too so probably it's more understandable.


I feel annoyingly fat
I feel annoyingly lazy-crazy- lost 
Mom and dad are in airport maybe these are all the mix feeling of everything I am going to meet them after a year and 4 months! But still I don't have job and dad should support me.., I know in a year or two I will be like stupid you lady- look how good your life was but you used to complain... I'm not complaining or maybe I am ( hahha is it because of the cigarette or am I getting my period?) or maybe I just don't want to study so I am coming up with all these excuses to not study... Relax Mahdis relax... Take a deep breath.... One -two - three 


Now close your eyes and just inhale and exhale do it for few minz and don't think of anything 


Take deeper breath - don't think of anything lady- everything is under control.... 








 Jul 1, 2015



Life! One time life!


Wish all the people could see how fast time is running- wish all the girls could understand not everything is money and wish all the boys understand not everything is sex...


If I were a boy and I knew a girl like myself I would certainly date her marry her worship her forever- not because she is the most beautiful and successful lady but because she has a heart that is bigger than all the world- because she has so much hope that nothing in this world can nail her down- because she sees the world she appreciate the world and she wants to live every second of this world... Only if I could!!!


Today is 01 July 2015- Mahdis is in her room on her bed getting ready to go Sleep- she is disappoined but not hopeless... In fact very  much hopeful!


Oh how much I feel sorry for people- oh at least many of the people on this world- at least most of the people I have seen past one year in new York that they live they laugh they think they are happy but they are not- I am not perfect I make many many mistakes too but at least I am able to see them to see the world with my eyes fully open, ready to hear about my mistakes and even more fine to accept them and understand them and analyze them and try to learn something good from them to not repeat them again...


I think my life next year will be so much different from how it's now at this moment- I am jobless and loveless but again not hopeless. I still have hope for human beings that they might wake up one day and see the world differently as I did and I am still doing it... Trying to understand myself by analyzing and even judging...


Right things will come by patinacy and right planning


You are on the right track Mahdis- not that you might never go wrong on this path too- but remember one thing remain how you are now- and feel how you feel now- and keep having hope on this world and on all the beings...


One day that right match will come to your path- the one who thinks and live and love the way you do- but remember to appreciate it once it comes and to not switch to that spoil complaining young lady again!!!


You have grown up a lot Mahdis-congratulation, keep it up

Jun 19, 2015

Couple of months ago in middle of a very serious life discussion, a friend asked: what would you do if you were holding on the tree with your two children hanging on you in the floated city and with only and only one option of saving one of your child?! Which one would you choose or what would you do! I wasn't able to answer as I am not yet a mother to know the exact feeling of being a mother so my friend changed the question to: what if you are holding on the tree and your two sisters are holding your hand! And you must let go of one of the sisters in order for you and the other sister to stay alive! Whom would you choose! And there it was when I answered the question right away without seeing the need of picruring the scenario: 

I WOULD let go of three of us not with the thought that we all three die together but with the hope that once we are on the flooded water I might find a way to help my two sisters to survive...  I was/am/will be the luckiest and happiest girl on this galaxy for having them all as my family ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
