Re-sync this workspace to the latest of GitHub branch claude/ecstatic-wright-y4npO
(head 9aaaf77), same method as before (native GitHub pull / Contents API — the
git CLI is restricted). This brings several things at once: Reflections, the
Privacy feature (+ Privacy Policy / Terms pages), the rebrand from "Still" to
"Yadegar", and encryption at rest for journal text.

IMPORTANT — one new secret is required BEFORE restarting:

  ENCRYPTION_KEY  — generate it once with:  openssl rand -hex 32
  Add the resulting 64-character hex string to this app's Secrets as
  ENCRYPTION_KEY. Keep it safe and NEVER change it once entries exist — it is the
  key that decrypts journal text. (Reading old plaintext rows works without it,
  but creating or reading any encrypted entry needs it, so set it now.)

There is NO database migration this time:
- The reflections / notification_preferences / returned_memories tables already
  exist from the earlier Phase 2 migration.
- Encryption keeps the DB columns as `text` (now storing ciphertext), so
  drizzle-kit detects no schema change. Do NOT run a migration.
- Existing test entries are plaintext; the app reads them fine (legacy-tolerant)
  and encrypts anything written from now on. No data wipe needed.

Steps:
1. Set the ENCRYPTION_KEY secret (above).
2. Sync so the workspace files exactly match origin/claude/ecstatic-wright-y4npO
   (head 9aaaf77). Do not edit application code.
3. pnpm install (refresh only — no new deps expected).
4. Rebuild and restart BOTH services (api-server and the still frontend).
   Confirm the server boots with no errors.
5. Verify and report:
   - Branding: the app now says "Yadegar" everywhere (landing wordmark, nav,
     "why I built Yadegar", page title). The landing subtitle reads
     "yadegar — Persian: a keepsake, the thing that remains."
   - Reflections: open an entry in the Library → "Reflect on this page" → write
     one → it appears beneath the entry as a dated reflection.
   - Privacy: Settings → "Privacy & your pages"; "Export my data" downloads a
     JSON file; the Privacy Policy (/privacy-policy) and Terms (/terms) pages
     load. (Don't actually delete the account unless testing it — it's permanent.)
   - Encryption (the key check): write a NEW journal entry, then inspect its row
     in the database, e.g.
       psql "$DATABASE_URL" -c "select left(body,12) from journal_entries order by created_at desc limit 1;"
     The body should start with "enc:v1:" (ciphertext), NOT readable text — while
     the entry still displays normally in the app. That confirms encryption at
     rest is live.

Report what you ran, the public URL, and anything that errored. Do not change
application code or prompts; if a code fix is needed, tell me and I'll fix it in
GitHub.
